What to pack
I have never seen this kind of card
It can't be fake, can it?
Is it possible that you are not eligible to see this kind of card?
You'll know if this card is real or not after you swipe it.
Hey wait dear
That wouldn't be the legendary Black Gold Dragon Card
It really does look like a black gold dragon card
Liu Shao, what is a black gold dragon card?
The black gold dragon card is a status symbol
Not only must there be more than 10 billion cash deposits
It is necessary to have a prominent and respected identity background in order to have a card holder
Even me and Leyao
I have applied more than 100 times and have not been eligible.
What? Even Mr. Liu and Miss Wang are not qualified to have this
Who did you say he was?
Why does he have this card?
I want to know who he is.
I'm not humming enough
You're making fun of me here, right?
I think this card is fake at all, right?
He must be fake or not. You'll know if you swipe it.
Come here and see if this card can be swiped.
Oh good
Can't you brush it out later?
See how you still hit
If this card is genuine
Is he dressed in rags and going shopping?
Well, you're right.
He is indeed a village woman
But don't blame me for not warning you
He's a villager you can't afford to offend
Since he is a spring rich
Then why can't you offend me?
Your Fang family is now out of power
And my Liu family and Wang family have joined forces
We will annex your family's assets and territory as soon as possible
Then the whole Qinzhou
That's why our two families dominate
Except for the black gold group
It turns out that you two are the two old men of the Liu family and the Wang family. How many times?
How dare you!
How dare you scold my dad?
Break this bitch's mouth for me
Hey wait a minute
Boss, boss, brush it out, brush it out, brush it out.
There's 300 billion in this card.
300 billion